README.md, before:

## Welcome to Huntree

I'm a high school student with experience in Python3 and Java. I have an interest in web design and development and am currently learning to use Webflow. I'm still learning, but I'm always one contact away! I am open to any critique and project ideas.

You can use my [developer portfolio](google.com) to see what I'm up to and my [profile on Github](https://github.com/jellyfish-huntre) to view my current projects and repositories.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/jellyfish-huntre/jellyfish-huntre.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Want to contact me? Check out my [developer website](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [email me at hunterthebest2@gmail.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox?compose=CllgCJvqKcsbtcRDhdlgZPBBQPWSsbmmjpttQBSTmLFqGjsWZnjHnPwPJSclJGwKXZnjLxPfWXB) and I’ll reply as soon as possible.

Commit message:

Work on the projects headline and finished the subtext

README.md, after:

## Welcome to Huntree

I'm a high school student with experience in Python3 and Java. I have an interest in web design and development and am currently learning to use Webflow. I'm still learning, but I'm always one contact away! I am open to any critique and project ideas.

You can use my [developer portfolio](google.com) to see what I'm up to.

### Projects

Projects are a big part of my work. I have many completed projects and some works-in-progress, both personal and for school.

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For a complete collection, you can use my [profile on Github](https://github.com/jellyfish-huntre) to view my current projects and repositories.

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/jellyfish-huntre/jellyfish-huntre.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Want to contact me? Check out my [developer website](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [email me at hunterthebest2@gmail.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox?compose=CllgCJvqKcsbtcRDhdlgZPBBQPWSsbmmjpttQBSTmLFqGjsWZnjHnPwPJSclJGwKXZnjLxPfWXB) and I’ll reply as soon as possible.
